[INSECTS CHIRRING]
[RUSTLING]
[WIND WHISTLING SOFTLY]
[FLY BUZZES]
[THUNDER RUMBLING]
[RAINDROPS PATTERING]
[♪♪♪]
[ENGINE HISSING]
[COUGHING]
[VEHICLE APPROACHING]
[♪♪♪]
[BREATHES DEEPLY]
[FOOTSTEPS ECHOING]
[MAN SPEAKS IN SPANISH]
[CONTINUES SPEAKING
IN SPANISH]
[FOOTSTEPS CLANKING]
[COUGHS SOFTLY]
[SPLUTTERS]
[COUGHS]
[♪♪♪]
[SIGHS]
[SNIFFS]
[BREATHING HEAVILY]
[COUGHING, WHEEZING]
[EXHALES SHARPLY]
[IN SPANISH]
It's all right, okay?
I don't have a problem.
To clean...
Gracias.
[IN SPANISH]
Excuse me.
Do you have a telephone?
I'll pay for it.
Over there.
[SCOFFS]
Go ahead.
Gracias.
[LINE TRILLING]
[PHONE RINGING]
A to Z Fine Upholstery.
Hello?
[IN ENGLISH]
Dad. It's me.
Nacho?
Sí, papá.
[IN SPANISH]
Hello.
Hello, son. How are you?
Good, good.
Um...
Just wanted...
to hear your voice.
[CHUCKLES]
Nacho...
Where are you?
You sound strange.
[SWALLOWS]
[THICKLY]
It's not important.
I was checking in, that's all.
[SIGHS]
Okay.
Son, I have lots of work to do.
We've been through this.
So many times.
You know what you have to do.
Go to the police.
Yeah, Dad. I understand.
I hear you.
What else is there to say? Hmm?
[SIGHS]
Goodbye, son.
Bye, Dad.
[SNIFFLES]
[CHUCKLES]
[SIGHS]
[LINE HUMMING]
[PUNCHING BUTTONS]
[♪♪♪]
MIKE:
Yeah?
NACHO:
It's me.
Yeah.
You knew.
You knew that I was
going to Mexico to die
and that I was never supposed
to make it out of that motel.
And you let it happen.
Not my call.
What happens now?
MIKE:
That's up to you.
Is that bastard with you?
Put him on.
Hm.
He wants to talk to you.
Yes.
You are screwed.
You want the cartel
to blame me for Lalo.
But if they catch me
and make me talk,
whew,
that is not good for you,
is it?
Even if I disappear,
everyone's gonna smell
your stink all over it.
The only way
that this works for you
is with me dead.
All right.
Whatever bullshit way
you want the story to go,
I will make it go.
But I need one thing.
GUS:
Yes?
My dad.
I need to know
that he'll be safe.
If you are true
to your word,
there will be no reason
for anyone to harm your father.
You are not the one
that I need to hear it from.
[CLICKS BUTTON]
Your dad's gonna be okay.
How do you know?
Because anyone
who goes after him
is gonna have to come
through me.
Zip.
All set?
What's up?
Well, I'm just thinking
about the timeline.
Let me.
Everything has to go off
by the 18th.
That's the target date, right?
Uh-huh.
Before that,
just for the driving work,
we're saying we want, uh,
the right year and model,
mint condition, no less.
And then, get it painted.
Plus, we wanna get
the custom plates.
No, not enough time.
That's what I'm wondering.
Hmm.
Okay.
Here you go.
What if...?
What if we use the real car?
I mean, like, his real car?
His car?
That's a bit direct.
I think the word you're
looking for is "audacious."
That too.
But it's a real risk,
because we're exposed
when we take it, and then, what?
Just-just put it back?
Pretend some kids
took it for a joyride?
I mean, there's a dozen ways
we tip our hand.
I got it.
Valet scam.
Hmm? How does that work?
Oh, heh, it wouldn't be me.
This has got Huell's name
written all over it.
Huell?
Yeah.
He knows Huell,
from your hearing.
Yeah, but if we do it right,
Huell will be invisible.
Oh, yeah?
Like a ghost.
That's pretty slick.
I think the word you're
looking for is "audacious."
[PEOPLE CHATTERING INDISTINCTLY]
Oh, hey, Suzanne.
Kim.
Glad I spotted you.
I have some new info
on Caldwell.
Am I reading this right?
This is an out-of-state
misdemeanor arrest report,
on your client.
Yeah.
This is six years old, Kim.
Yup.
There's no way we ever
would have chased this down.
Why are you giving this to me?
We're in discovery,
and I discovered it.
I'm supposed to turn it over.
Besides, we are going
to beat you on the merits.
You can keep that copy.
I'll see you.
[ELEVATOR BELL DINGS]
Kim! Kim, do you have a minute?
I'm sure you recognize this man.
He's a client of Jimmy McGill's,
one Jorge de Guzman.
This, this is Eduardo Salamanca.
Same person.
Okay.
And who is Eduardo Salamanca?
A major drug trafficker.
We got this photo
from Federales in Chihuahua.
Seems Salamanca jumped
the 7 million he posted in bail
and fled to Mexico.
Wow.
That's news to me.
How did this come to light?
He died in a massive firefight
at his compound.
Over a half dozen people
were killed.
That's terrible.
But where are you
going with this?
Bear with me.
Let me explain how this looks
from where I stand.
A couple of years back,
Jimmy McGill represented
Ignacio Varga, a local dealer.
Now, Varga is a known associate
of Tuco Salamanca.
Jimmy was involved in getting
Tuco a reduced sentence
on an assault and battery charge
shortly after
he represented Varga.
And now here he is,
representing Eduardo Salamanca
under the assumed name
de Guzman.
Okay.
What are you getting at?
Are you building
some kind of case against Jimmy?
No. No one is,
at the moment.
At the moment?
Gina Khalil thinks
Jimmy knew who de Guzman was,
that Jimmy helped Salamanca
even after he knew.
I'd like to believe he didn't.
I don't think
Jimmy ever intended
to become a cartel lawyer.
It's not a suit that fits him.
I think maybe he got in over his
head and couldn't get out.
And if that's true,
if Salamanca duped him,
then, the lawyer-client
privilege
was obtained in bad faith.
You want Jimmy
to rat on a client?
Even if Salamanca's dead,
his privilege survives.
You know that.
If the privilege was clean.
But if he wasn't in
on the de Guzman deception,
Jimmy could talk to me.
And tell you what?
You just said Salamanca's dead.
His accomplices aren't.
Salamanca was in deep,
and I wanna know what his people
are doing here in Albuquerque,
and Jimmy could help.
I'll make sure anything
he tells me won't blow back.
And if it turns out
that Jimmy's made mistakes,
we won't hold him accountable.
I'm talking to you
because I think
you'll be more willing
to hear what I have to say.
Look,
we had a monster in custody.
We just let him
walk right out of jail.
We failed.
The whole system just failed.
This guy killed
a 22-year-old kid.
Dead, in cold blood.
It's wrong. You know it's wrong.
And I think Jimmy does too.
Saul.
I'm sorry?
He practices now
under the name Saul Goodman,
although
I distinctly remember
you referring to him
as a scumbag.
[SCOFFS]
Uh, I admit I have had
my problems with Saul.
That's true.
But I also believe
underneath it all,
underneath all of his...
showiness,
he's a lawyer
and a human being,
and I think he knows
what's right.
[♪♪♪]
[FORKLIFT WHIRRING]
[SIGHS]
When?
Tomorrow.
[SCOFFS]
[FOOTSTEPS APPROACHING]
Boss says he looks too pretty.
[SCOFFS]
Want me to take care of it?
No.
I'll do it.
Now, get the hell out of here.
[SIGHS]
Gotta make it look real, right?
Let's get it over with.
First things first.
[SETS DOWN GLASS]
[BEETHOVEN'S PIANO CONCERTO NO.5
PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
[SIGHS]
Tony, good to see you.
How's night school treating you?
A in Econ, Mr. Hamlin.
Ah, good for you.
Keep it up.
[BEETHOVEN'S PIANO CONCERTO NO.5
CONTINUES PLAYING]
[PARKING BRAKE CLICKS]
[DOOR CLOSES]
Oh, sorry, sir. My bad.
Excuse me. No worries.
Excuse me.
Better get a move on.
The kid looks quick.
[♪♪♪]
Let's go, yo.
Probably about 45 seconds.
I'm just saying.
I heard you the first time.
[GRUNTS SOFTLY]
HUELL:
Smooth as glass.
Guy drove away without a clue.
Great. And, uh,
how does it work?
Press four for unlock,
five for lock.
The rest will
take care of itself.
Four for unlock, five for lock.
All right.
What you asked for,
and a little extra.
Should cover
you and the Keymaster.
[SIGHS]
Can I ask you something?
Sure, go ahead.
Personal, kind of.
Okay, what?
You're a lawyer.
You make good money, right?
Good days and bad,
but yeah.
Legit money, on the level.
Yeah. So?
Your wife's a lawyer.
A legit lawyer.
Yeah.
Why do you do all this?
Oh, heh. I got you.
I-I know from the outside this
looks like just another scam,
but you're not seeing
the bigger picture.
A couple months from now,
there are people
whose lives are gonna be
way better.
Because of this.
We're making a real difference.
Trust me.
We're doing
the Lord's work here.
If you say so.
Be seeing you.
[LOCK CLICKS]
[DOOR CLOSES]
Hey! Buckle your safety belts,
boys and girls,
because Huell came through.
Huh.
Huell says hi, by the way.
Glad to hear it.
[SIGHS]
What's going on?
I have news, Jimmy.
Lalo is dead.
[SIGHS]
Holy shit.
The DA's office put it together
that Lalo was calling himself
de Guzman.
They are pretty upset
they let him go.
I'll bet they are.
Ericsen seems to think
that if Lalo lied to you,
and you didn't know
about the pseudonym,
that you could
break confidentiality.
She wants you to talk.
She says it's right.
Well, what do you
think we should do?
You should do
whatever you want, Jimmy.
They don't have anything on you.
It's just a fishing expedition
to see if you bite.
You think I should do it?
It depends.
On what?
Well...
[SIGHS]
I guess it's basically...
do you wanna be a friend
of the cartel,
or do you wanna be a rat?
GUS:
Bolsa will want to hear
the truth from you
before the Salamancas have you.
Their methods take too long
for his taste.
What will you say?
I'll say it was Alvarez...
working for Los Odios
out of Peru...
that I've been on the payroll
for almost a year.
All right. Once you say it,
you get to your feet,
you start running
as fast as you can at Victor.
You'll be zip-tied.
He'll be ready.
Get past him and keep running.
He'll handle it.
He puts me down,
you mean?
It'll be over quick.
You have something more to say?
I wanna be there.
The Salamancas know you.
They know your face.
I'm not gonna be close enough
for them to eyeball me.
I should be there
for insurance.
There are a lot of ways
this can go south.
[♪♪♪]
[SWALLOWS, SIGHS]
[CLOCK TICKING]
[INSECTS CHIRRING]
[♪♪♪]
Turn around.
[ZIP-TIE TIGHTENS]
[♪♪♪]
DON JUAN:
Today you are going to die.
But there are good deaths,
and there are bad deaths.
Tell me what I need to know.
I'll see that your death
is a good one.
Who put you up to this?
One last chance. Who?
[EXHALES DEEPLY]
[SCOFFS]
It was Alvarez.
Los Odios, out of Peru.
They paid me
to set up your nephew.
And I did.
[HECTOR RINGING BELL]
Alvarez, we know.
Los Odios, we know.
Was anyone else involved?
[SCOFFS]
Him?
You think the Chicken Man? Heh.
What a joke.
Alvarez has been paying me
for years.
Years, but you know what?
I would have done it for free
because I hate every last one
of you psycho sacks of shit.
I opened Lalo's gate,
and I would do it again, and
I'm glad what they did to him.
He's a soulless pig.
I wish I'd killed him
with my own hands.
And you know what else, Hector?
I put you in that chair.
Oh, yeah. Your heart meds?
I switched them for sugar pills.
You were dead and buried,
and I had to watch this asshole
bring you back.
So when you are sitting
in your shitty nursing home,
and you're sucking down
on your Jell-O
night after night
for the rest of your life,
you think of me,
you twisted fuck!
[SPEAKS IN SPANISH]
Do it.
[♪♪♪]
[HECTOR RINGING BELL]
[ENGINE STARTS]
[GUNSHOTS]
[GUNSHOT IN DISTANCE]
[♪♪♪]